hey lady so I'm coming to us today to
show you guys the unit that I have been
wearing from RPGSHOW this is the week
that I have you been wearing them back
and forth between the house of raha but
mostly it's been a lot of this one okay
so this is the Khloe wig from RPGSHOW
first off I've been watching a lot of
reviews on reviews / show offs on this
hair and my color has been different
from others I don't know how or why but
a lot of reviews I don't know if it's
the Lightning maybe a shalini a lot of
reviews the hair has been looking darker
than this it's been looking darker than
this okay but um it's like when I look
at there's I'm like wiser so dark dark
or either as mine too late but I think I
have the perfect sheet for my complexion
let me show you guys the side they have
like a light streak right here which I
think brings out my face much more but
um I mean have all the information below
this time around I got the yucky texture
because it is much thicker but I kind of
have a love-hate relationship with the
Yankee texture it's like I wanna all I
did was basically cut a Bing feathered
it a little bit and then I had the same
thing on this side and I didn't do any
cutting to the back so my back is
clearing throat I just have some light
waves I really don't do much with this
hair all I do is throw it on and go out
the door this side cap look it has um
notches at the bottom when you could
take it in and adjust it to your head
and just to get it to leave really tight
at the top all I do is add bobby pins
right here and a hairpin and I don't
each light do it on this side and this
side you can put a mom any elsewhere you
want to but as long as i have it tight
right here
her I think it's pretty good ok so I'm
going to try and get as close as
possible as i can so you guys can see it
alright so when i first got it I am I
didn't pull my nods i did not bleach
them i did not tweeze them all i did was
part it and that concealed in the middle
i think this is the best way because a
lot of people have been messing up their
closures due to trying to bleach it
themselves + bleaching takes time to do
I don't even bleach my closures anymore
all I do is add concealer and that's
about it and it still looks realistic
and with the concealer depending on your
hair density you can make it as wide as
you want by adding more or even if it's
like really tight and you have like
thick here you can just dab it right in
but um mine has been doing pretty good I
don't put concealer on it every day all
I do is all I do is I put it on like
every week or a view every time I wash
it so now that the concealer looks worn
and tore it looks more natural but other
than that I love this wig I really
really really do love it and I feel like
this color and this style just suits me
so well like this this is like my
favorite wig of all time ok so if you
guys have any more questions um you can
post them along I'll reply to them I'm
going to have all the info down below
and um I'll see you guys later video bye